We've successfully integrated syntax highlight to make
our code beautiful in our markdown preview. But it's
not work in here or maybe in other places.
So before we fix this issue we need to realize
that we have two different markdown parser
What we see here is parsed by markdown in server side
while here is parsed by markdown it partner in the client side.
Now let's see our code in the preview tab
so in order to make the syntax highlight really working
we need to have our code wrapped inside `pre` and
code tag and we should also have the programming
language specified in these class attributes
Now if you see here
our code is wrapped in p tag. So now you know that
the problem could be in body html in our model.
So let's go to our editor then open our question model
let's jump to body html attribute.
Here you see that we have passed
the body html in this clean method.
This method basically used to protect our html code
from malicious code or xss attack by removing
all vulnerable tags including script pre and code tags.
So all we have to do is to white list the pre
and code tags so that they will be ignored.
Remember that this clean method is come from purifier
package and this package provides configuration
file that we can customize.
So let's now open the config
purifier dot php
in this file we need to specify what html
tag to be allowed in this html dot allowed
so here
let's define the pre and code tags
and let's also specify the class attribute
so that purifier will also ignore their class.
That's it.
Now if we save the change
and reload the page
now it's work as we expect
and I think
everything should be fine now.
Let me edit one more time to make sure
that everything working good. I'll hit
update button
here we have another issue.
The syntax highlight is gone after I made change. If
I reload the page the syntax highlight is come back.
Do you have any idea why this happening?
Let's fix this issue in the next video.